In this lesson will introduce a small refactor that is very similar to a refactor we did earlier in
the course.
So if we focus on this action class method and the JavaScript object that it produces will notice here
that we are always comparing the action property with some kind of string, and that string happens
to be the exact same name as our property and also the exact same name as the Csa's class that we want
to apply.
So we can actually consolidate this code into a single line.
And what we can actually do is say, take whatever is the value of action at the current time.
Let's say it's going to be this string called build and if we lowercase it.
So if we take build, for example, and we lowercase it to build with a lowercase B, then that will
represent the CSA class that we want to apply.
And we can return a simple object that just says, take this build class and give it a value of true
with no additional classes needed.
And then when the action changes from build to create, for example, well then will simply lowercase,
create to get create.
And that will be our new object property and we'll always set it to true.
So no matter what, we're going to have this value, value to true and for our property will dynamically
generated using whatever is the current value of action but lowercase.
All right.
So this will require us to use dynamic object properties that we talked about this idea earlier in the
course.
So let me write it out directly below this code, then we'll remove it.
So remember, I need to dynamically provide a value for my property, so I need to square brackets in
JavaScript.
Then I need to reference whatever is the current string value of my action data property.
Once I have that string, I need to lowercase it, which I can do in JavaScript using the two lowercase
method.
Make sure you invoke it because we need the return value which is going to be the string in lowercase
and that's going to give me either build or create or design or code in lowercase.
Whichever one is currently relevant.
And I know that that should be true at that moment because that is what the action is currently.
So that is the complementary lowercase CSS class that I want to apply.
So this will accomplish the exact same thing as what these four lines will accomplish.
Granted, there is some inherent risk because we are making the assumption that a another developer
will understand the connection between our action and our sees as classes having to match.
Exactly.
But for now, since we have simple classes with exactly one word and simple actions with exactly one
word, this fits for now.
So I'm going to remove this code right here, and this should accomplish the exact same implementation.
So if I go back into my browser, we should see nothing new, but everything should continue working
and it looks like it still is perfect.
So I will see in the very next lesson.